So you have mentioned before that folks, if they want to start taking a thyroid, that
they start slow and do it maybe even half a grain or something for a couple weeks.
So you think that's a good idea to get the body kind of used to it?
Yeah, that is a traditional way to stay on ideally a month because your adrenaline and
cortisol are going to come down as the thyroid comes up.
So at two weeks you might seem just right and then you start slowing down again when
your adrenaline comes down towards normal.
So maybe 30 grains, half of a tab might be a good thing for a few weeks or a month.
Yeah, and watching those measurements because it's like a sawtooth pattern.
You rise to normal and then your hormones adjust and you slip back and then you increase
the dose and rise to normal for a while and then if you normalize your adrenaline and
lower your stress, then your metabolism slows down again for a while.
So that's why if you do both you can kind of gauge.
So what you want is after an hour after eating around 11 or so, the ideal would then be the
more 98 temp and more higher pulse rate?
Yeah, 80 or 85 in the middle of the day is a good pulse rate.
Wow.
So 75 at least and 85 or 90 is okay and temperature 98 or 98 and a half.
So could you diagnose for Patrick here?
I'm like 60 all the time.
Just doesn't change.
I mean it seems fine to me.
For me, Doc, if I had 75 I would think I'd be like total anxiety or something.
Oh no, the thyroid, one of the things it does by lowering the stress hormones, you feel
more and more relaxed.
But the higher pulse rate.
But how you feel is a good indicator.
You don't want to push it into the anxiety because that means you're turning on your
stress.
Sure.
So serotonin is an additional complicating factor.
The vagal system and the adrenaline system is one complication of interpreting thyroid
function but the serotonin also tends to go down as your thyroid comes up.
And the serotonin is a promoter of hyperventilation.
And so the low blood glucose, low oxygen consumption person often will have an actual hyperventilation
driven by the increased serotonin.
And that serotonin disturbs both your adrenal mineral regulation and your parathyroid hormone.
It drives your parathyroid hormone up.
And that is worse if you're low in either calcium intake or low in vitamin D. And that's
why I talk a lot about calcium and vitamin D in relation to thyroid.
Because low thyroid means usually higher serotonin activity, hyperventilation, disturbed calcium
metabolism and dependence, need for more vitamin D.
We talked a bit about dopamine last hour.
How does dopamine play into the whole, what we've just talked about, the last 10 minutes,
dopamine?
It's similar to the adrenaline or sympathetic nervous opposition to the shock tendency of
the vagal or sympathetic system.
It's the body's balancing factor for serotonin.
You can get too much of both of those and you get symptoms like nightmares.
Insomnia.
Yeah, insomnia and the water and salt regulation become a problem when those go up.
So you want to keep your serotonin down and under control and then your dopamine will
take care of keeping things in balance usually.
So on the shock idea, you're talking about it could be a traumatic event in someone's
life.
Yeah, an emotional shock will turn off your thyroid function and all of those other, the
adrenals and the parathyroid system tend to get out of control as your thyroid goes down.
I wonder why though, after you get over the shock and you forgive the shock person and
all that and spiritually and emotionally, that these thyroid wouldn't start to get
its act together without the meds.
I think that's because of the tissues having been slightly deranged by storing PUFA in
their vats.
Usually young people can take a big shock better than people in their 30s and 40s when
their tissues are destabilized by the fat.
An emotional upset will more reliably cause a chronic thyroid problem in a person in their
30s than in their teens.
Dr. Ray Peat is with us.
Oh, that's my dog there just shaking.
Hi, doodle.
Say hi to Dr. Peat.
Dr. Ray Peat is with us and you can see on the show page there where he has a bi-monthly
newsletter every couple of months and very, very affordable.
You can click on there and sign up and get some cool stuff and help support him so he
can buy paints and stuff.
It's good to have a little stuff coming in here.
So here's one for you.
This is pretty fun.
What's more effective, eating a whole orange, drinking its juice, or eating marmalade?
The marmalade has the extract of the peeling which has a lot of therapeutic things.
I haven't seen any real comparisons, but people occasionally have advocated eating
the peeling raw, but that's extremely hard on the stomach.
Cooking the peeling extracts some of the anti-inflammatory protective things.
Naringin and naringin are major protective factors in orange peeling that you get in
the marmalade.
The added sugar is an added anti-stress factor that supports your thyroid.
But ideally, the juice, you can get all of those good things in the absence of good orange
juice.
Marmalade is kind of a medical substitute.
If you have good oranges, you wouldn't want to eat the number of oranges it takes to make
a gallon of orange juice.
It's fine to drink a gallon of orange juice in hot weather, but all of the fiber in an
orange would probably be a burden to your digestive system.
Here's a good one.
Would you ask, "I experience malabsorption that no matter what or how much I eat, I stay
underweight.
Symptoms like gnawing, ulcer-type pain that flares up at night to cause insomnia, and
eating iron-rich foods like organ meats, which were previously well-tolerated, now exacerbate
this pain."
So, getting some ulcer-type pain at night and can't seem to gain weight, can you gauge
what might be going on for this person?
My personal experience and knowing half a dozen other people, usually men, in their
20s and 30s, some individuals can eat several thousand calories a day without gaining weight.
I've known people who weighed, for a normal height, weighed 130, 140 pounds, very, very
skinny, who were eating three or four thousand calories a day.
Based on my own experience, when I first supplemented thyroid, I was in my late 30s, I think, suddenly
I didn't need to eat so much.
My calorie requirement dropped in half simply by adding thyroid.
So I suggested that to these skinny men who were eating three or four thousand calories
and staying very skinny.
Suddenly they had the same experience.
They didn't have to eat more, but suddenly they put on muscle.
That shows that thyroid is an anabolic hormone when it's in the right balance.
But if it's deficient and you're running on adrenaline, your cells know that the energy
isn't being produced in the right way.
It's being produced by the stress of adrenaline.
So you're burning calories under the influence of adrenaline because the cells can't retain
the magnesium that stabilizes the energy level of the cell.
Your thyroid can use the oxygen and produce the ATP and be fairly efficient in those ways,
but in the absence of a certain amount of thyroid, your cells lose magnesium and so
they have to make the ATP again.
So you're making ATP at a high rate but losing it because it breaks down in the absence of
magnesium.
Supplementing magnesium for about an hour will relax and stabilize the cells, but you
need a certain amount of thyroid to make the cells retain it and stay in that efficient,
relaxed condition.
It's a matter of letting your cells relax so that they can build themselves up instead
of being constantly running and stressing themselves.
So that's where the thyroid is visibly a very powerful anabolic hormone.
So that's a little color intuitive because isn't often hypothyroidism connected with
overweight?
Very often, but if you look at the old textbooks, at the beginning of thyroid surgery, they
forgot to replace the thyroid hormone with a powdered or squashed up animal thyroid gland.
And when a person's thyroid gland was removed, they went into cachexia.
They looked like an advanced cancer patient, worse than sarcopenia.
Sarcopenia to an extreme degree, they wasted away in the absence of the thyroid hormone.
And that's what's happening to these often young or middle-aged men who are just moderately
hypothyroid, but it's enough to move them into that cachectic or sarcopenic state of
not being able to build their muscle fast enough.
That's really interesting.
This is from Cindy.
She's in Alabama.
"I've been told that when a person has Hashimoto's or other autoimmune issues, they should not
use natural desiccated thyroid medications such as Armour or Nasothroid because the body
will attack these because they are natural?
The body supposedly does not attack the synthetic medication like Synthroid, and I prefer not
to use the synthetic.
What is your view on this?"
The autoimmune so-called condition is an excited, inefficient state, like when the cell can't
retain magnesium, it stays in an excited state.
And if there's a hormone additionally increasing the excitation like TSH, it stimulates the
thyroid gland.
And if it gets the nutrients it needs to make the hormone in the right balance, not too
much iodine, then the cell is energized and works.
If something is lacking so it can't produce the thyroid hormone, the TSH keeps rising,
stimulating it more, driving it harder, stressing it more until it is killing the cells causing
thyroiditis.
And in a condition of inflammation, your immune system comes in to activate the turnover,
the phagocytosis of the damaged, overexcited, overstressed cells.
The immune system is clearing up a damaged tissue, and that has been experimentally shown
several times.
For example, in artificially inflamed brains in animals, they find that what they thought
was autoimmune inflammation of the brain caused by a virus or some external cause was actually
being remedied by the immune system.
If they removed that so-called autoimmune antibody, the inflammation killed the animal.
The immune system antibodies directed against self, if they're properly supported, are cleaning
up the damaged tissue, remedying the problem.
And people have demonstrated that where you have the so-called autoimmune antithyroid,
antiglobulin, antiperoxidase enzymes specific to the thyroid, if they supplement enough
thyroid to lower the TSH, you stop producing the antibodies, and the antibodies, when they
finish cleaning up the damaged tissue, will gradually fade away.
It takes several months of keeping the TSH low, but there have been several publications
demonstrating that the condition corrects itself after several months.
Wow, that's pretty trippy.
That applies to things like rheumatoid arthritis and several other types of so-called autoimmune
conditions.
Let's see, this is from Wendy.
Wondering if Dr. Peat knows anything about the Pearlsium powder that we promote.
It's made from just pearls.
If he thinks that would be a good source for calcium.
Do you know anything about that product?
Made from what?
Pearls.
Calcium carbonate, I think, is the best supplement.
Calcium carbonate.
Egg shells and oyster shells and other sea creatures' shells.
But you don't have any experience with the pearl itself.
Pearl?
Yeah, pearl.
No, no.
Chinese medicine, all you've had to use is pearl for different things, and that's what
she was asking.
Yeah, they're made of calcium carbonate.
Oh, they are?
Oh, good.
So that's a good source, then.
Yeah.
Good.
And the other question, well, I was glad to hear.
We thought so.
Would calcium, another source of calcium would be in fish bones, she's asking.
I used to eat sardines with fish bones.
They seemed digestible, but now with avoiding proofers, would the bones from cod or some
other source be good as calcium source for those with sensitive guts?
It is a calcium source that is okay, but the trouble is that it is calcium phosphate, and
phosphate has an excitatory effect, and most people are overloading on phosphates, and
so the bones will move in the right direction.
But if you're still eating a lot of meat, or meat and grains and legumes, for example,
are overloading you with phosphate, and so calcium phosphate helps, but it isn't as effective
as calcium carbonate.
The carbonate, you like the carbonate.
I love this.
Cheryl writes, "Cody, she's in Florida."
Well, thanks, Cody.
"I'm interested to know," oh, you asked Dr. Peat, "how long he sleeps each night, and do
you sleep uninterrupted sleep?"
She's asking about your sleep.
It depends on how good the weather is, how good my food was, and so on, but seven and
a half to nine hours, it's variable.
Usually I wake up during the night and have some milk and sugar or orange juice to lower
the stress.
Having milk at bedtime will lower several of the stress hormones.
I've got in the habit of, if I wake up in the night, having some sugar and milk or orange
juice and milk, and that resets the hormones so that you don't experience the same amount
of stress around dawn.
Yeah, what fun.
So you put, say, if you would have milk in the middle of the night when you wake up,
would you put actual sugar in there or honey or maple syrup?
What would you use?
Pure white sugar is the safest.
Really?
Single figure.
Pure white sugar from Hawaii, right?
Why is that the safest over ... You would think honey or maple syrup is a better choice,
no?
Honey is very good, but if the bees happen to eat something you're allergic to, you can
have an allergic reaction to the plant substance that gets into the honey.
Actual sugar is extremely nutritious for minerals, but the heating process makes the sugar allergenic.
I didn't know they heated it.
I thought they just kind of dump it out of the old tree.
It comes out in a very liquid, slightly amber color, but a very pale, thin liquid, and it
has to be evaporated, and they use heat to evaporate it.
Theoretically, you could do it at room temperature with a high vacuum, but it's economical to
heat it.
In the heating process, there are small amounts of amino acids in the juice as well as minerals,
and when you heat glucose with an amino acid, it produces a toxic reactant.
Your go-to is C&H pure cane sugar from Hawaii?
Well, actually ... You could probably get an organic one, though, can't you?
Yeah, you can, but it's so well washed.
You get 99 and more percent pure sucrose, but I think beet sugar might even be better.
Oh, beet sugar.
Is that white?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, they're washed.
They would be brown, but they wash the molasses away, and the molasses is brown partly because
of the heat process reacting amino acids with the glucose, making a brown substance that
is similar to the substance that's produced in aging, reacting glucose with amino acids.
Have I read or did I dream this, that a lot of the beets are genetically modified now?
You want to do organic?
Oh, probably.
You hopefully aren't getting any proteins.
The proteins are the allergenic, toxic form, and that's what genetic modification does,
is make new proteins which are toxic and allergenic.
Here's one.
I know that Dr. Peters recommended raw carrots, cooked mushrooms, bamboo shoots for the antibiotic
properties, but that our gut bacteria can get used to these.
Is just alternating with those enough, or should one supplement with doses of antibiotics?
If you're having a problem with hormone imbalance and stress, at a fertility clinic about 35
years ago, they had the theory that infertility might be caused by germs, and so they gave
some women antibiotics and didn't do much for their fertility that they saw, but a lot
of them said that their PMS and headaches had gone away.
So they started measuring their hormones, and they found that in fact it had improved
their fertility balance by lowering estrogen and cortisol and increasing their progesterone.
That wasn't just a fertility clinic in humans, but people then tested it in animals, and
a course of antibiotics reliably lowered estrogen and cortisol, the stress hormones, and increased
progesterone.
That's the idea of the fiber.
When the fiber is working, it is binding and eliminating estrogen so it isn't reabsorbed
and passed through the liver repeatedly.
The fiber eliminates estrogen, that lowers the stress, so your cortisol goes down, and
that combination allows your progesterone to be retained properly.
Go figure.
That's really interesting.
I sure like Dr. Peat's show.
Thanks for having him on.
On a previous show, Dr. Peat mentioned possibly placing a red light at your bedside with a
timer to come on intermittently through the night to eliminate the reduce of stress caused
by darkness.
Did you further ask about implementing this idea and if it would be helpful or not?
Maybe somebody else mentioned that.
I don't know if you said that.
Sorry.
Did you talk about that idea of intermittent red light?
Yeah.
I've tried different things, and it bothered me to have it come on in my face.
So I made a paddle or a belt with LEDs and found that putting it on my leg didn't bother
me so much.
And shining red light on your blood, anywhere in your body, has a de-stressing effect.
But I have not consistently used that.
I think it's adequate to have a chronic daylight, continuous incandescent or sunlight during
the daytime is enough to lower your stress.
But I think it is good to have an air ionizer running all the time, especially during the
night, because negatively ionized air activates your lungs' ability to lower serotonin and
lower the stress of night.
What's an air ionizer?
What does it do?
I don't know if I know about that.
Oh, that's a negative ion generator?
Yeah.
It adds electrons to the oxygen and it creates, in effect, radical, as far as your lung enzymes
can tell, it's activated metabolic oxygen, more immediately accessible to destroy serotonin
as it reaches your lungs.
And the lungs are constantly keeping your serotonin in check.
When a person has a digestive problem that wakes them up at night with various symptoms,
including insomnia, that irritation of the intestine is putting tremendous amounts of
serotonin into your blood, carried on the platelets, depending on your lungs to inactivate
it.
And if your estrogen happens to be high, then your lungs are relatively inactive in destroying
the serotonin.
Many things can make your lungs inefficient, leaving the serotonin active, causing insomnia.
What do you do in a case like that in the middle of the night?
What would be any kind of symptomatic relief?
Milk and sugar.
Milk and sugar, huh?
Yeah.
Good old milk and sugar.
Last month, Sue, she's in Canada, she talked about how, Dr. Peat talked about how protein
powders except for gelatin contain some toxic amino acids.
Please ask Dr. Peat whether hydrolyzed collagen powder is as effective as gelatin powder for
protein and whether it has toxic effects.
I know that the amino acids tryptophan, cysteine, and methionine are the ones that are susceptible
to toxic oxidation, and gelatin just doesn't have those.
And so you can predigest the gelatin into the amino acids.
Hydrolyzed gelatin is short peptides and some free amino acids.
As far as I know, they're easy to digest and are no more problem than natural gelatin.
So you like the Great Lakes gelatin and those kind of products as protein powders go, you
like those the best, is that what you're saying?
Yeah, or making your own gelatin with chicken back wings and legs and feet.
Yeah, we've been doing it with the feet in a crock pot and boy, is there a lot of
gelatin in there?
Holy cow, yeah, it's a lot.
You put that in the fridge and it's just solid, just like solid as a rock.
Yeah, that's very good protective nutrition.
An adult can use a very high proportion of their protein as gelatin.
A growing kid needs some of those potentially toxic amino acids.
Tryptophan and cysteine are needed for growth, but once you have achieved full growth, all
they're needed for is things like the turnover of cells.
Renewal is running at a lower rate than expansion of volume.
I should mention that a fellow, Tony, has put together a really nice little array of
these red incandescent lights, the chicken lamps.
There's five of them and they're on a board with a little switch and it's in our store.
Very well built and you can just probably set this guy somewhere in your living room,
I guess at night or wherever you stay, and just shine the red light on you and it'll
be beneficial, wouldn't it, Dr. Peat?
It doesn't have to be all that close to you?
No, and it penetrates very well.
Red light, if you've looked at your hand against the sun, you can see red light coming through.
That's because red light penetrates very well and the blue and green light is absorbed superficially.
So, relatively weak red light will penetrate your tissues.
So the length, the distance between these lights is not critical?
No, the brighter, the quicker it works, though.
Sure.
These guys get pretty hot, so I guess you have to gauge that of how warm you want to
be.
Yeah.
In the winter, though, I mean, just keep warm.
How important is an optimal thyroid function to consider, writes an emailer, for stomach
acid production due to the high concentration of mitochondria in parallel cells where stomach
acid is produced?
Thyroid makes carbon dioxide and the carbon dioxide is flowing in proportion to your metabolic
activity.
So you have a high oxidizing function governed by thyroid that creates the stomach acid.
So you start with carbonic acid and use that to energize the production of hydrochloric
acid.
So low thyroid would often be correlated with low stomach acid?
Yeah.
Low digestion, all of the digestive processes tend to slow down, but gastroparesis is supposedly
a mysterious condition that is usually immediately remedied by thyroid supplements.
Oh, my goodness.
Well, let's see.
It's time to go here.
Let's see.
Let's do a couple more, then we'll let you go.
What?
Oh, there was one here I thought was interesting.
Many Catholic monks somehow live past 100 who are nothing but bread and water.
Do you think their lack of movement may have conserved their carbon dioxide?
That's a great question.
Yeah, the church, both the Orthodox Church in the Caucasus region and the Catholic Church
in South America, for example, they've been keeping marriage, birth, and death records
for hundreds of years.
And they've documented lots of people living 130, 150 years and more in these areas.
In England, they keep pretty good records going back several hundred years.
And they have the record of one old guy, Old Parr, they called him, lived into his 150s
according to good documents.
He was taken to visit the king because he was such an exceptional person.
He died shortly after visiting the king and changing his diet.
He said he had habitually eaten cheese and bread crusts, a very cheap, minimal diet.
But he died after having some banquets with the king.
Oh, because they eat all this rich food, the kings?
And he died.
And an autopsy found that there was no disease in his body in his 150s.
And in Abkhazia in the Caucasus and Vilkabamba in the Andes, there are well-documented multiple
cases of people in their 140s and 50s and older.
What kind of diets today get to 140?
Very simple diets.
And those are high altitude areas where they have both sheep, goats and cows.
And so they eat a good proportion of milk and cheese in their diet, as well as having
the high altitude environment that spares their carbon dioxide.
And the monks and priests have usually a very simple, routine diet.
I think sometimes they might fall into just the right balance of nutrients, not too much
meat, for example.
Meat is a very pro-aging thing because of the low calcium, high phosphate content.
I think the high phosphate is probably one of the life-shortening things.
Oh, there we are with the phosphate again.
You don't generally think, or maybe I don't, I'm just not thinking properly about bread
as being nutritious, but I guess it depends on the original grain and how it's made and
everything?
A little bit, yeah.
If it's made traditionally, letting the yeast rise gradually, keeping the grain moist, the
grain thinks it's sprouting when you let it leaven naturally.
The moisture activates enzymes that break down the gluten and reduce the toxicity and
make it more digestible.
So it's a reliable, simple carbohydrate source and it does provide the trace minerals.
If they have cheese or milk to balance that, the calcium becomes the predominant mineral,
which I think has an anti-stress, life-prolonging effect.
Well, that's kind of fun.
You could just live on toasted cheese sandwiches and milk.
That'd be kind of cool.
Okay, finally, what's your take?
I don't know if we've ever asked you about this, about the whole gluten thing.
Give us, to kind of wrap up your opinion on what's going on with this gluten sensitivity,
where how it began and stuff.
Partly the seeds and grains have their plant defense systems.
Leaves contain insecticides and flavor irritants that discourage grazing from cows and insects
and worms and such.
And the seeds are very important for the plant's survival, just like the leaves.
The worst toxins tend to be put in the seeds to block digestion and cause as much trouble
for the predator of the plant as possible.
And polyunsaturated fats are able to inhibit digestion if they're an oily seed.
And the high-gluten seed, the gluten itself, is able to block digestive processes and cause
inflammation.
There are parts of the gluten molecule that have similar effects to estrogen for creating
allergic reactions in the intestine, inflammatory reactions.
And if you let the enzymes activate the seeds so that, as far as it knows, it has succeeded
in becoming a plant, then the intense toxins of the seed have been inactivated and you
have the stem chemicals, which are much less toxic than either the mature leaf or the seed.
So leavened bread is detoxified, basically, when it's soaked for about 12 hours in moisture.
So is the gluten sensitivity, it's a real thing?
Yeah, it's an objective thing that if your immune system is very active and stable, you
can adapt to it and pass it along quickly enough without damage.
Have you had experience with some of this real ancient wheat, einkorn, the real deal?
Have you ever experienced any of that?
If they aren't leavened, the smaller seeds have some of the more intense toxins, same
with small beans.
The embryo is the larger part and the storage protein is smaller, but there are some very
intense allergens in the smaller, more primitive seeds.
So it's still important to make sure they're well leavened.
So the leavening, the yeast and the sourdough make it nicer for us?
Yeah, less allergenic.
So if you were going to do some sprouts, do you do sprouts at all?
Do you make your own sprouts at all?
Not for many years.
If you were going to do some, somebody wants to know what would be your favorites to do,
the most digestible is what they're asking, George.
They're all vastly more digestible than the seeds, but they should be cooked.
To improve their digestibility, they should be well cooked.
You cook sprouts as well?
The Chinese, either a bean or a grain.
If it's fully sprouted, it develops at least twice as much protein value as was in the
bean or the grain itself.
So you're getting an actual protein supplement when you're sprouting.
We used to do black beans and other beans, aduki beans, and you can sprout those guys
just on a wet towel, right?
You can see a little tail come out and then you can cook them.
So it really zoops up the protein, huh?
At the same time that it's reducing the allergenicity and toxicity.
You can pretty much sprout any kind of bean, can't you, Doc?
Can you soak them first and sprout them?
Yeah, if they haven't been sterilized, which some products in the U.S. supermarkets have
been irradiated or heated or chemically treated.
Do you know if they can irradiate organic?
Do we know if that's a protection, being organic?
I haven't heard what the latest standards are, but they're pushing in that direction.
Are they?
Yeah.
Well, Doc, so it's such an honor to have you on and people love you and you're just one
of our most popular podcasts around here.
You get a lot of hits, so thank you for that.
Final question before you go.
Are you focused on anything in particular research-wise that maybe we'll talk about next month or
anything that really has your interest?
Yeah, I'm trying to put together a more systematic picture of how serotonin fits into stress
and aging.
It probably is a point where intervention to reduce sickness, autoimmunity, and age-related
degenerative conditions.
I think aiming towards lowering serotonin is going to be one of the most productive
things.
I see research moving in that direction, contrary to the powers of the pharmaceutical industry,
which want to still say serotonin is wonderful stuff and you should buy our antidepressants.
But there are alternative antidepressants being demonstrated to be safer while lowering
serotonin and promoting health rather than degrading health.
So that's the research you're working.
Just off the top, did I ask you, sorry, if I did some natural ways to lower the serotonin?
Did we talk about that?
Yeah, we've already covered a lot of them.
Thyroid, vitamin D, calcium, sugar, and the things in orange juice.
Oh good, all our favorite things, yeah.
Calcium and orange juice, vitamin D. Good.
Well, Dr. Peat, thanks for being here.
We'll see you in about a month or so and maybe we'll have more to talk about serotonin.
Dr. Peat's website is raypeat.com and we'll have a link to that and also right to a place
where you can sign up for a headset.
Every other month, how much does your little...
Twenty-eight dollars by email.
For how long?
Two years.
That's great.
Twelve issues.
Good for you.
So every other month you get twelve issues for twenty-eight dollars.
Good job.
All right, Dr. Peat, thank you for being here.
We'll see you real soon, okay?
Okay, thank you.
Yes, sir.
Bye-bye.
Dr. Ray Peat, wow, it's just great fun, isn't it?
Isn't it cool having him on?
Yeah, man, when he answers these questions and starts talking about research that people
were doing twenty, thirty, forty years ago, it's like, "Whoa."
Yeah, so there's some good stuff here for you.
Please pass on these links to everyone that you care about.
We tried to do the best we could with getting all the emails and we skipped around to try
to get a wide variety, and I think we went through a lot of them today.
I'll see you tomorrow.
We're going to do our money show.
That'll be fun.
It's been a couple weeks with Fred Dashefsky, Andy's partner, Andy Goss's partner, and he'll
be here with the real world of money, so we'll have a good time.
And then Carrie Rivera, she's going to be here on Thursday, and Carrie's quite a gal
and has done terrific work with diet and gut and the autistic kids, and she's messed around
with the Miracle Mineral Supplement, and so it'll be quite a fun show on Thursday.
So thanks for your ongoing support.
We appreciate it if you feel itchy fingers and you have some money to spend on your health.
We've got a lot of cool products, as you know, from Ken Roller's things to Brandon Amelani's
to Daniel Vitalis to now that we have the hydrogen machine getting some pretty good
hits on the hydrogen machine.
This one fellow, he said, "I love the Brown Gatsby machine."
This is Edward in Florida.
I love it.
And if you notice that less appetite and better sleep, and I have, and I really got to watch
that because the last thing I need is to eat less.
You just live on hydrogen, you know, it's fine if you're going to be a monk or something.
So it was so funny he said that because I have noticed, so I'm just going to have to
work through that and just make sure I keep eating so I don't wisp away with the wind.
But these are cool.
But anyway, so we have a lot of great products, and don't forget if you'd like to get a
sauna, you know, the cool weather's coming in, email me and I'll hook you up.
It's a great one.
Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com.
I'm at your service so I can help with anything.
I don't get far from my computer.
We're out in the country, but I'm checking email several times throughout the day.
So let me know if I can help.
Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com.
I love you all very much.
You're doing good.
You're doing the best you can.
So that's all you got.
That's all you do, right?
You do the best you can.
And may the blessings be.
Thank you.
[music]